Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Creed doesn't know
where he is.
It's blind instinct.
But now it is
Creed coming back.
Creed with the left hand!
What's keeping
these two guys up?
A tremendous closing moment.
Here comes Balboa back. But the
champion back with another left.
How they're getting up,
I don't know!
A right hand!
It's Creed!
Now it's Balboa!
Now it's Creed!
And now a tremendous
left by Rocky.
They're standing dead in the
center of the ring, toe-to-toe.
One.
Two.
Creed
will retain the title.
If neither gets up, it's a draw,
and Creed will win the title.
Four.
Get up, my man.
Five.
Get up.
Six.
Each fighter is trying
to beat the count.
Get up, Rocky!
Eight.
Nine.
The champ is down!
Ten!
You're out!
Balboa got to his
feet and he made it!
Rocky Balboa has
shocked the world!
He is the new heavyweight
champion of the world!
Ladies and gentlemen,
in a stunning upset,
scoring a win by a knockout,
the new heavyweight
champion of the world,
Rocky Balboa!
Excuse me.
I just want to say one
thing to my wife, who's home.
Yo, Adrian, I did it!
I love you.
Rocky! Rocky! Rocky! Rocky!
Hit him one, Rocky!
Risin' up,
back on the street
Did my time,
took my chances
Went the distance,
now I'm back on my feet
Just a man and
his will to survive
So many times,
it happens too fast
You change your
passion for glory
Don't lose your grip
on the dreams of the past
You must fight
just to keep them alive
It's the eye of the tiger,
it's the thrill of the fight
Risin' up to the challenge of our rival
And the last known survivor
stalks his prey in the night
And he's watchin' us all
in the eye of the tiger
Face to face,
out in the heat
Hangin' tough,
stayin' hungry
They stack the odds
till we take to the street
For we kill with
the skill to survive
It's the eye of the tiger,
it's the cream of the fight
Risin' up to the challenge of our rival
And the last known survivor
stalks his prey in the night
And he's watchin'
us all in the eye
Of the tiger
Risin' up,
straight to the top
Have the guts,
got the glory
Went the distance,
now I'm not gonna stop
Just a man and
his will to survive
It's the eye of the tiger,
it's the cream of the fight
Risin' up to the challenge of our rival
And the last known survivor
stalks his prey in the night
And he's watchin'
us all in the eye
Of the tiger
The eye of the tiger
The eye of the tiger.
I want Balboa!
Hear that, old man? You tell
Balboa I'm coming for him!
Nobody can beat me!
You tell him what I said!
And he's next!
I'm gonna kill him!
Nobody can stop me!
You tell Balboa that!
I'm coming after him!
You tell him!
I want a shot
at the title.
If Balboa's got the guts
to meet me in the ring,
or anywhere else.
My whole life's been directed towards
this here title and nothing else.
I live alone
and I train alone.
I'll win the title
alone. I want him.
He can't duck me forever.
He can run,
but he can't hide.
Well, another southpaw,
heavyweight champion Rocky Balboa,
doesn't seem to be worried
about much these days.
He's just defended his
title for the 10th time,
and now he's even
agreed to take on
the world heavyweight
wrestling champion
in a sort of charity
benefit, with all the proceeds
to go to a local
youth foundation.
Now, I'll have to
give him credit.
Mr. Balboa manages
to stay busy.
He's a true sportsman.
And it looks like the number
one contender, Clubber Lang,
will have to continue to
play the waiting game.
But that should be
a great, great matchup.
Hey, Paulie,
take it easy, okay?
Awesome.
Introducing the newest...
Hey, you going?
Hey, hey. Don't forget to
give Rocky my best, huh?
You know, I've been
coming here years.
How about you giving me,
Paulie, your best once?
Take it easy, Paul.
Hey, hey, Paulie.
Hey, Paulie,
you heard me?
Hey, when you see the Rock, tell
him the boys all said, "Hey!"
40 thousand.
Nice try.
I got another one.
Paulie.
You want to hear
I owe you?
You, I owe nothing.
No, you don't
owe me nothing.
So what do you
want I should do?
My sister ain't here?
She's home.
You know, me and her used to
be tight until you come in.
I raise her,
she don't come down.
She don't know
about this.
You and her can go to
hell, you know that?
Hey, watch your
mouth, Paulie.
You gonna whack me?
I don't sweat you.
Come on.
Oh, come on, Paul, why don't
you screw your head on right.
No, it ain't my head.
Your freaking head is
the one on wrong.
Yeah? Well,
what did I do?
What'd you do?
Nothing.
For yourself,
oh, nice.
Look, you fixed
your face up handsome.
Nice clothes.
What did you do for
Paulie? Anything?
Three years, did you get me a job?
Look at this. You gave me a
lousy, stinking Ex-Lax watch. This!
Hey, Paulie.
What?
What? There,
that's right.
No, leave it down!
It never kept
good time anyway.
You know, you forget
when you were a punk
and those guys used to laugh
at you because you were so jive.
Who used to whack
them bums out?
They laughed
at both of us.
No one laughed at me.
Tell me. Who fixed you
up with your first woman?
Me, Paulie!
I was responsible!
She was pregnant.
So what? You was
no prize either.
You know, I always
give you. I give you.
What do you do? You buy a new
house, you move Mick in, right?
Did you ask me? Is there
something the matter with me?
I got feelings, you know?
This ain't cardboard.
Everybody's got
them, Paulie.
The hell with everybody.
No, maybe it's
the hell with you.
I don't wanna listen
to this crap.
Come on, you talk like
everybody owes you a living.
Shut your mouth!
Look, nobody owes nobody
nothing. You owe yourself.
You're wrong!
Friends owe!
Friends don't owe.
They do because
they want to do.
Shut your freaking mouth.
You been keeping me down!
Down?
You know, you're like a crazy
brother to me. You really are.
So I want to tell you
something. This is coming
straight from
the heart, Paulie.
And I mean this.
You ain't down,
and you ain't a loser.
You're just
a jealous, lazy bum.
Okay, I'm gonna
break your mouth.
I'm gonna bust
your mouth up!
Can I have a job?
All you had
to do was ask.
You punch pretty good.
Think so?
Superb.
It cost a lot, huh?
Yeah, a few bucks.
Got an extra one?
Any trouble
with Paulie tonight?
Nah,
nothing unusual.
Are you really gonna fight
that wrestler? They're so big.
That's all right,
it'll be fun.
You mind if I serenade you a while?
Come on, it's your part.
What are you doing?
Come on.
You can do it.
No.
Come on, Rocky, you're
gonna wake the baby.
Adrian, come on,
let's do a duet.
No, no. That's good,
but it's not "doe, doe. "
It's "doo, doo,
doo, doo. "
That's good, darling.
I've been told
By people and they all
Say they'd take me back
Take me back like before
What's the matter?
I don't know any more
of that composition.
Hmm.
Maybe we're lucky.
Yeah. Maybe
we're very lucky.
Very lucky.
Hmm.
Well, howdy,
howdy, howdy, sports fans.
This is Dennis James with Jim
Healy down here at ringside.
Tonight we have a most
unlikely match for you.
The boxer against
the wrestler,
with all the proceeds
going to charity.
What's your feelings
about a boxer
against a wrestler
in the same ring?
Well, you know what the age-old
theory is, that the wrestler,
once he grabs that boxer,
that's all she wrote.
What the hell goes
on inside your head?
Anything normal
functions?
Yeah, there's a few,
there's a few.
I don't think so. Because to
fight a creature like this,
you gotta have about 100
pounds of brain damage.
I seen wrestlers that
was bigger than dinosaurs.
You ever fight a dinosaur,
kid? No, not lately.
They can cause
a variety of damage.
Oh, yeah?
The wrestling champion of the
world is now entering the arena.
I tell you, he is quite a sight.
All decked out in red.
Why are they
carrying him?
He's walking.
I'm coming after
you, Balboa.
Let's call it off.
Oh, come on,
it's for charity.
You're wearing your
anatomy out for charity.
Nobody else does
this much for charity.
Bob Hope would.
That's true.
Rocky, you better
call Bob Hope.
To all my love
slaves out there,
Thunderlips is here
in the flesh, baby!
Oh, my God!
The ultimate male versus
the ultimate meatball.
Boy, he is a monster.
How much would you take even
to get in the ring with him?
Would you like to start at Fort Knox?
In the white corner,
an incredible sight.
Standing nearly seven feet,
weighing 390 pounds.
Large, ain't he?
The undisputed
wrestling champion
of the world...
That's the biggest
arm in the world!
A man who calls himself "the
ultimate object of desire,"
"the mountain
of molten lust. "
The one, the only
Thunderlips!
You're all trash!
The slugger from
Philadelphia...
You'd better shut up!
I'll break him in half.
How much do you
think he eats?
About 202 pounds.
...weighing 202 pounds,
the reigning heavyweight
champion of the world,
Rocky Balboa.
Rocky! Rocky!
Rocky! Rocky! Rocky!
Come to the center
of the ring, please.
Okay, come on, Mick.
All right, you guys,
you know this is for fun,
so take it easy and
give them a good show.
Listen, after the match, how about
we get a Polaroid together, okay?
You're in trouble!
He got me mad. I'm gonna
break him in half like this.
Come on, Rocky, you can take him.
Seems like lately, everybody
wants to beat me up.
This is entertainment.
It's fun and games.
Stay away, make faces,
move around the ring.
Got it, kid? All right. He is the ring.
I get nervous
every time he does that.
Whoa. You move pretty fast
for a big guy, you know that?
Listen, why don't we just
move around a little bit?
You know, like,
give them a good show.
First I'll chase you
and you chase me, okay?
How's that? All right? I'll go easy.
Here you go.
That okay?
Stay away from him! Does
that hurt? You all right?
Don't miss.
How's that, okay?
Not bad, huh?
Come on,
meatball. Come on.
Hey.
Think it's all fake,
meatball? All fake!
Thunderlips has gone
absolutely berserk.
Run for your life!
Blast off, meatball.
Get up, boy! Come on, meatball,
get some of this right here!
Rocko, remember
the neighborhood!
Get out of his way!
No, no, no! Not yet,
not for the meatball.
I'm not done
with him yet, boy.
If I can't break your spirit, I
sure enough can break your back.
Is Daddy having fun?
Of course.
Somebody hand me
a hatchet.
Holy smoke!
Here we go,
baby! Lights out, meatball!
Oh, my God! Balboa
is really in pain.
No one can believe the superhuman
strength of Thunderlips.
I am the man.
Stop him, will you?
You want
this punching bag?
Adrian!
Rocky!
Then you got him!
Catch me!
That's incredible! Balboa was just
heaved clear into the fifth row!
Now the fans
are outraged, too.
Now you got me mad! I'm gonna drag
him down the aisle like a dirty rag!
You weakling, Balboa.
Take it easy.
Take it easy!
What is it,
Mickey? You okay?
It's my heart.
The security guards are
rushing out to stop this.
People are flying
everywhere! Teeth are flying!
Cut my gloves off.
What,
you finished?
Come on, cut
my gloves off!
That place is a zoo! This
place has turned into a zoo!
This is very, very...
Want me to get
a doctor? You sure?
The girls have
gotten into it now.
They're getting
beat up, too.
Where are you going, you
fool? I'll be right back.
You're a maniac!
Come back here!
What are you doing?
Come on! You!
Get out of my way,
worms! I'm coming up!
Come on! Come on!
All right, Thunderlips,
break it up! Break it up!
No choking!
Paulie, don't!
No, I don't
sweat you.
Hang on there, kid!
How do you
like it, huh?
You're kind of cute!
I don't need this.
Rocky is out-and-out
strangling him.
Rocky hanging on
like a bull terrier.
Now he's got him
in a stranglehold.
Rocky! Rocky!
The body!
Knock his block off!
Timber!
It's unbelievable!
Rocky actually did it!
The human skyscraper has
been thrown out of the ring!
All right, that's it,
that's it. Time is up.
Ladies and gentlemen,
we have a draw. A draw.
Thank you all for attending
this 12th annual charity match
between the Italian
Stallion, Rocky Balboa,
and Thunderlips,
the Ultimate Male.
See you next year.
Thank God.
Are you all right?
Yeah, pretty good.
Good match.
Hey, why'd you get so
crazy on me out there?
That's the name
of the game.
Well, listen, while you're still calm,
can we get that
Polaroid together?
Yeah, sure.
Adrian, come
on over here.
My wife, Adrian.
My kid.
That's Thunderlips.
Would you do that?
That hurt.
Okay, that's all right.
You know, sometimes
charity really hurts.
And this Pinocchio,
he told a lie, you see,
and his nose started
growing real big.
Why didn't
his ears grow?
I don't know. I didn't
write the story there.
Are you fighting again?
Today? No, I don't
plan on fighting today.
Promise?
Promise. Definitely, I promise.
Good, I like
you here.
Yeah? Well, I like
being here.
Are you getting hungry?
Huh? You want some breakfast? Yeah.
What do you want, Wheaties? Yeah.
What are Wheaties?
Champions!
Breakfast of what?
Champions! Champions.
And the father bear, he says,
"Somebody's been sleeping in my bed. "
And the little kid bear said,
"Somebody's been sleeping in my bed
"and there she is. "
Thereby, he pulls
back the covers,
and thereby exposing her to
the, you know, public, see?
Come on, eat your cereal
before it sinks. Hurry up.
Then what happened to Goldilocks?
Happened to her?
I'm not exactly sure.
Busted for trespassing and
got 30 days in the cooler.
Oh, that's real
nice, Paulie.
That's nice
to tell the kid.
Rocky. Rocky,
the car is waiting.
Go ahead. You
guys better go.
Be a good boy, now.
We'll have a fun time,
me and the kid.
All right.
Mrs. Stallion, you
almost look pretty good.
Oh, thank you, Paulie.
Don't give the kid
any beer, all right?
Okay, we got to go. And Paulie, don't
take him to the track, all right?
How you doing, Mick?
Pretty good.
Now, we got a problem in the seventh.
Whatever happened to them
quiet, tender moments, huh?
Thank you. Thank you,
one and all.
Every once in a while, a person
comes along who defies the odds.
Who defies logic and
fulfills an incredible dream.
On behalf of all the
citizens of Philadelphia
and the many who have been
touched by your accomplishments
and your untiring
participation
in this city's many
charity functions,
it is with tremendous honor
that we present this memorial
which will stand
always as a celebration
to the indomitable
spirit of man.
Philadelphia salutes its
favorite son, Rocky Balboa!
It's beautiful.
Definitely a thing
of beauty.
Rocky! Rocky! Rocky! Rocky!
Rocky! Rocky!
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
I don't know, what do you
say to something like this?
About three years ago,
this city really took
me inside, you know?
And I want to thank you very
much for that. I really do.
And I've been
thinking that...
I wasn't gonna bring this
up, but I might as well, now.
I would never do anything
to hurt this sport
that has been
so really good to me.
I've been talking it over
with my wife and my manager,
and we think that...
It's really hard to do
this. I feel like a bum.
I'm thinking maybe
it's time that I should
step down, maybe,
and retire.
No! No! No!
No, you can't
do that, Rocky.
Getting out
while you can?
Don't give this sucker
no statue. Give him guts.
I told you
I wasn't going away.
You got your shot,
now give me mine.
Why don't you get
the hell out of there!
Shut up, old man.
I ain't going nowhere.
Why don't you tell all these nice
folks why you been ducking me?
Politics, man. This country
wants to keep me down.
Keep everybody weak.
They don't want a man
like me to have the title,
because I'm not a puppet
like that fool up there.
You know, you've got
a big mouth, you know.
Why don't you come down and
close it, Balboa? Come on!
Anytime.
That guy's crazy.
Don't listen to him.
The little man don't
wanna come to me,
then I'll come to you
people and lay out the truth.
I am ranked
number one. One!
That means
I'm the best.
But this bum is taking the easy
matches, fighting other bums.
I'm telling you
and everybody here
I'll fight him anywhere,
anytime, for nothing.
Fight him,
Rock! Fight him!
But you people ain't
never gonna see that happen
because he's
gonna retire.
You see? He don't
fight no real man.
He fights them setups.
What?
You're a disgrace
to the sport.
Shut up, old man!
You and that chump
don't know where
I had to come from.
Balboa, your family's
doing real nice, ain't it?
You call yourself a
fighter? Prove it now.
Give me the
same chance.
The way he's been
ducking me is a disgrace.
If he ain't no coward, why
don't he fight me, then?
I can't listen to any more
of this. Hey, anytime...
I don't care
what you're ranked.
You don't get no shot,
and I mean that!
I'm glad you people
are seeing this here.
What are you doing?
I want to fight this guy.
Well, you got him.
But you'll fight
him without me.
What are you saying?
It's finished.
Yes, I'm finished.
I don't want
no more of this.
I don't want no more,
you understand?
None of it!
It's over with!
Hey, woman. Hey, woman! Listen here.
Since your man
ain't got no heart,
maybe you'd like
to see a real man.
I bet you stay up
late every night
dreaming you had
a real man, don't you?
I'll tell you what. Bring
your pretty little self
over to my
apartment tonight,
and I'll show you
a real man.
You want it,
you got it!
You got it!
Rocky, don't. Come on,
Rocky, please, let's go talk.
Adrian.
Rocky, don't.
Rocky! Let's talk.
Why'd you leave?
Why'd you walk
away like that?
Life's too
short, kid.
Where you going?
I'm going on a
permanent vacation.
What are you talking about?
We got one more fight.
No, no. Not we, you.
Why are you
doing this?
I said, why are
you doing this?
Because you can't
win, Rock!
This guy will kill you to
death inside of three rounds!
You're crazy.
What else is new?
He's just
another fighter.
No, he ain't just
This guy is a wrecking
machine, and he's hungry!
Hell, you ain't been hungry
since you won that belt!
What are you talking about?
I've had 10 title defenses.
That was easy!
What do you
mean, easy?
They was hand-picked!
Setups?
No, they weren't setups.
They was good fighters, but they
wasn't killers like this guy.
He'll knock you
into tomorrow, Rock.
Jeez, Mick.
Why'd you do it?
Because the beating
that you got
from Apollo should
have killed you, kid.
It didn't.
It was my job to keep you
winning and to keep you healthy.
You really don't think I
got nothing left, do you?
Well, Rock, let's
put it this way.
Three years ago
you was supernatural.
You was... You was
hard and you was nasty
and you had
this cast-iron jaw.
But then the worst
thing happened to you
that could happen
to any fighter.
You got civilized. Yeah.
Don't worry, kid.
You know, presidents
retire, generals retire,
horses retire,
Man o' War retired.
They put him
out to stud.
That's what you
should've done, retire.
I can't retire knowing all this, Mick.
Don't push it. Well,
you been carrying me.
We don't need it.
You been carrying
me, though.
I haven't been
carrying you.
I've been
protecting you.
No. Look, I want this
fight. Just one more.
No, we don't need it.
I'll live in the gym.
We don't need it.
Mick, I do.
I'm asking you to
train me one last time.
Oh, no, I can't.
If you don't,
I'm gonna tell everybody you ain't bought
a new pair of underwear in 10 years.
You would,
wouldn't you?
Yeah, absolutely.
No, no.
Come on.
One more time,
it's over.
It's a deal?
Come on, come on.
It's your head, kid.
It's your head.
Yeah, it is.
Thanks, Mick.
Pushin', gettin'
ready for the fight
Pushin', every
day and night
Pushin', gettin' ready
for the fight
Pushin', every
day and night
Pushin', gettin' ready
for the fight...
Rocky robes here. Get your Rocky
robes here. Hot off the truck.
Rocky robes,
hot off the truck.
Clean stuff.
Get your robes.
On the night of the fight
I will survive
There's nowhere to run,
there's nowhere to hide
On the night of the fight
It's just you and I
There's nowhere to run,
there's nowhere to hide...
Right here.
Once in a lifetime!
Get your buttons here!
You can't stand
toe-to-toe with this guy
or he'll deposit
you up there on Mars.
He's too tough.
He's too strong.
Listen, how the hell can we
train in this creep joint here?
I mean, this is
kind of a house
of ill reputes or
something, isn't it?
Why did you
rent this joint?
Oh, come on, Mickey. Let's
go out in style, okay?
You wanna go out in style,
go out in one piece!
Now, come on, let's get out of here!
Let's go back to
the old gym, will you?
Let's get some blood and
sweat and tears around you!
Can we do that?
Hey, will you just
relax and enjoy it, okay?
They love it, Mick.
Go on, fight!
Fight now, go ahead!
Fight it, fight it.
Get rough, get tough.
Get brutal.
That's it.
Excuse me. Could I get a kiss?
Yeah, sure.
Get out of here,
will you?
This is like
fighting in a zoo.
This is a zoo,
you know?
Is that the way you
train for Clubber?
He ain't gonna
kiss you.
He's gonna kill you,
you know that?
Go on. Get
out of here!
Rock, how about a picture? Yeah, sure.
There you go.
Rock.
Rocky! Rocky!
Put a little
speed on there.
Thattaboy.
That's it.
All right, this will
tell us the story.
That's it! Side to side!
Side to side, Rock!
Shut up back there,
can't you?
Change your tune or...
That's it. Pull front
punches. That's it, kid.
You're a deadly weapon.
Time! Time, time,
time. Quit it.
You're okay.
Come on.
Here. Put this on before
you catch pneumonia.
Okay. I'll give you
a little rubdown, too.
Yeah.
And listen, kid.
I don't like to hear much of
what comes out of people's mouths
and I don't like
soft-talking moments.
That's for sure.
You know, but I just
wanna tell you one thing,
that I'm proud
of you.
Well, thanks
a lot.
That's all
right, kid.
Let's get out of here,
shall we? Hey, Mick.
Yeah?
What do you think we're gonna
do when it's all over, huh?
I don't know. Maybe join up with
a circus or something. All right.
Yeah, maybe. All right, let's get out.
Good evening, everyone. Along
with Bill Baldwin, I'm Stu Nahan.
And we welcome you to tonight's
heavyweight title fight
Which may prove to be
the most memorable of all.
For tonight is
the champion's final
and perhaps most
difficult title defense.
Rocky, do you feel you're in
the best shape of your career?
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
I feel real good.
He's a deadly weapon, he's one
of a kind. And he's gonna do it.
Clubber, do you think
you're as fast as Balboa?
I don't wanna do no talking.
I'll do my talking in the ring.
Clubber,
dance for us.
I told you, you better get out of here!
I want to be alone!
Will you
retire after this fight?
Oh, yeah, this is
the last one for sure.
After this, me and
Mick are finished.
This is definitely
the last one.
You're all parasites
and leeches.
Get out of here!
What will
you do after tonight?
I'm not sure.
Maybe join the circus,
huh, Mick?
Yeah, have some fun.
Come on,
take your robe off.
take off your robe!
I told you to
get out of my face!
With us this evening is the former
heavyweight champion
of the world,
Apollo Creed.
Do you have any
predictions on this fight?
How do you see this
fight going tonight?
Well, I feel that strength would
have to go to the challenger,
while experience and
the world's hardest head
would have to go
to Rocky Balboa.
And you know
I know about that.
Now remember, Rock,
don't trade with this guy.
Take your time.
Wear him down.
But don't stand toe-to-toe
with him. Mmm-hmm.
This punk's never been
15 rounds before.
Take him good.
Okay.
I will.
That's it.
So I predict that the
champ's gonna take this one.
Now, wait a minute. Do you really
think the champ can hit that hard?
Why do you think I'm
sitting out here with you?
Hey, sucker!
Balboa, you gone,
you finished!
You through! You washed up!
I'm the baddest in the world!
You don't look
so bad to me.
What you say,
paper champion?
I'm gonna beat
you like a dog.
A dog, you hear me!
Can't you get that
ape back into the ring?
You made me wait too
long! You gonna pay!
Come on, mouth!
Get out of my way.
Get him out
of there, can't you?
Get him out of there!
Get out of my way!
Back up.
You know who I am? You know who I am?
I'm the man!
You're dead meat! You're
dead meat! Let me go!
Rocky! Rocky!
Get off!
What's the
matter? Mick!
What's wrong, Adrian?
Get a doctor!
Somebody get a doctor!
Come on!
Sit here, Mick.
Get them out of here.
Get them out of here!
Come on, Mick, will
you sit on the table?
Mick? Mick!
I'm all right.
Just take a deep breath.
Get those guys out of here!
Move! Mick, will
you sit on the...
Paulie. Paulie, tell them
the fight's off. Go on. Go on!
No! The fight's
not off.
What, are you out of
your mind or something?
The fight's on.
Are you crazy?
Mick, we can't. Not
tonight. I ain't fighting...
Yes, tonight.
We're gonna fight.
Just let me get my breath.
Can't I get my breath?
Is that against the rules or something?
Mick... Will you
please get a doctor?
Paulie, go on.
He's on his way.
Mick, I can't go out
there and fight like this.
I can't
go out there like this.
Now, get out there.
Get going, will you?
Take him.
Take him good.
Get it over with,
why don't you?
Rocky! Rocky! Rocky!
Adrian, what am
I supposed to do?
What the hell do you mean,
what are you supposed to do?
After all these years together,
you don't know what to do?
You ought to be
ashamed of yourself.
Now get out there
and do it!
Do it.
Do it!
You're the best.
Okay. Okay.
Rocky! Rocky!
Oh, my God.
Adrian, take care of him.
Take care of him.
Well, good evening,
ladies and gentlemen,
and welcome to
the feature event
for the heavyweight
championship of the world.
And, fans, with us tonight,
truly one of the fistic greats.
He's coming up from ringside,
the Master of Disaster,
the King of Sting, the
one and only Apollo Creed!
And there he is,
the former heavyweight
champion of the world,
Apollo Creed.
Stu, he looks
like $9 million.
Get out of my face.
I don't need nothing you got no more.
Don't need no has-been
messing in my corner.
And you better get that bad look
off your face before I knock it off!
Come on. Want to jump?
Jump, come on.
Come on, Creed.
Come on.
Yeah, come on. Yeah, just
like a chicken. You better run.
Give everybody a present and
drop this chump, all right?
All right.
Good luck to you.
All right, fans,
here we go.
Presenting to you, on my
left, out of the blue corner,
hailing from Chicago, weighing
in at an even 235 pounds,
the world's number
one challenger...
I wonder how
Mick's doing.
...the undefeated
Clubber Lang.
I'm the best. I'm the
best. I'm the best.
You and Clubber exchanged
words up there. Any comment?
I have no comment.
And his opponent in the opposite corner
really needing no
introduction the world over.
He weighs in at
a trim 201 pounds,
the pride of Philadelphia,
the Italian Stallion,
and the reigning heavyweight
champion of the world,
Rocky Balboa!
Listen
to this crowd.
Now to give instructions
in the middle of the ring,
the referee, Marty Denkin.
Clubber, Rocky,
you know the rules.
I want a good,
clean fight.
When I tell you to break,
I want you to step back
at my command
and break.
Now, go back to the corner and
come out fighting at the bell.
Dead meat.
This is not gonna be a fight of finesse.
These are two guys
that really throw punches.
This thing could end with one
punch. The chump is scared.
Scared. Scared. Yeah.
Tear him up, champ.
See the look
in his eyes?
I'm no trainer. Just go out and
kill the guy. Kill him, Rock.
He's scared.
I'm the new champion. I'm
the new champion as of today.
I'm the new champion as of today.
The Italian Stallion.
A rugged champion
in the final fight of his
colorful career tonight.
And Jimmy Lennon
was correct.
He looks like...
Well, just great.
Here we go! Oh, boy, the
champion came out swinging.
Break his head!
Balboa's off to
an incredible start!
He looks determined to
destroy the bigger challenger.
Clubber, get in
there, get in there!
Move him back.
Defense!
Now it is Balboa.
They're going at
each other now.
You got him!
You got him, Rock!
Double up!
Come on. Come on,
Balboa! Come on!
The challenger is hitting
him with everything he's got.
No!
Come on, Balboa!
Make me weak.
Come on.
Clubber away. Trying to
get him back to his corner.
Grab him, Paulie.
Where's Mick?
He's okay.
I need him now.
I need him here.
He ain't nothing. I told you he
ain't nothing. He ain't nothing.
He's too strong.
Don't talk like that, Rocko. Come on.
Tear him up!
I'm gonna smoke him.
I can't keep him off.
He's mine.
He's mine!
I'm gonna get him!
I'm losing it, Paulie.
Where's Mick?
What do you got there? 200 over 50.
All right,
let's start CPR.
Rock, you can do it.
I'll try.
Rocky appears
to be staggering.
Yeah, I'll get him.
Coming out of the corner,
here comes Clubber.
Come on, Rocky, show
him. Let's go. Come on.
Come on, Balboa! Come on! Come
on, oversized hick! Give it to me.
Let's see what you
can do. Bring it to me!
Move on the inside!
The champion
is nearly helpless.
My gosh, what a beating he's taking.
Don't stand
toe-to-toe with him!
Come on, Balboa!
Get up!
Get up, sucker!
Five. Six.
Come on, get up! Get up!
Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten.
You're out!
The champion
is finished!
I did it! I'm the best!
In the second round!
I'm the man!
I beat Balboa!
Unbelievable.
Incredible upset.
Balboa in the corner, out on
his feet. Out of the plank.
We have the time.
The winner by knockout,
the new heavyweight champion
of the world, Clubber Lang!
Yeah, I told you.
I told you I'd do it.
Yeah! I'm the new
champ of the world!
Come on,
get out of here!
Get out of here, now.
Oh, Rocky,
what happened?
I'm all right,
how's Mick?
He wouldn't go to the
hospital till you got here.
What? Mr. Balboa, time is important.
We must get him to the
hospital immediately.
Okay.
Mick?
Yeah?
Mick.
What? What? What?
Is it over?
Yeah, it's all over.
Hey, listen,
what happened?
It was a knockout.
What round?
Second round.
Yeah, I knew it.
That's good.
We did it, huh?
We did it. We did it. All right.
You don't have to worry
about nothing no more.
No. Good.
Everything's gonna be okay, Mick.
You know? Yeah. I knew that we did it.
You gotta get
to the hospital.
You're not as young
as you used to be.
You're the winner.
We did everything right.
I did everything...
No, no, listen. We ain't
done everything right.
Listen, we got
more to do.
Mick, whatever you wanna
do, we'll do it, okay?
I love you, kid.
I love you.
Mick?
It hurts me.
Mick.
Oh, God!
Don't go away,
please, don't.
All the things
we didn't do.
We got more
to do. We got...
Oh, my God!
Oh, Jesus.
This concludes
our service.
That's not
the way to do it.
Who's that?
Why don't you hit it
straight? Step into it.
Apollo?
Right. I waited at your
house for about an hour
and your wife said
you might be here.
What are you
doing here?
Business.
If the papers knew we
were talking like this,
they'd think
we was crazy.
Why you?
Because I'm the best, and you need
somebody to teach you different.
Why? Well, to be honest with you,
I don't think you could
pull it off without me, Rock.
You still didn't give me the answer,
Apollo. What's the real reason?
Listen. It's quiet,
isn't it?
When you retire,
it's too quiet.
I mean, we're too
young to retire anyway.
Besides, with
the right touch,
I could promote this thing into
the biggest gig of all time.
It'd be bigger
than ours.
Heaven knows, I don't mind being
involved with large numbers, right?
I don't need this
no more. I...
I don't want
this no more.
Look, man. When you
beat me, I hurt all over
and I didn't want to know from
nothing or nobody, not even my kids.
Hell, every fighter
knows that hurt.
And we get sick inside trying to
live with it, so don't back off now.
Make it right for yourself
or you'll be sorry you didn't.
We held the greatest title
in the whole world, babe.
You lost that fight, Rock,
for all the wrong reasons.
You lost your edge.
All right, I know your manager
dying had you all messed up inside.
But the truth is, you
didn't look hungry.
Now, when we fought,
you had that eye of the
tiger, man, the edge.
And now you
gotta get it back.
And the way to get it back is
to go back to the beginning.
You know
what I mean?
Maybe we could win
it back together.
Eye of the tiger, man.
Why'd you have
to come here?
I have the plan.
Get back, man.
You got me curious.
You got me curious, Rock.
Clubber, do you accept the
challenge for a rematch with Balboa?
I reject the challenge,
because Balboa is no challenge.
But I'd be more than happy
to beat up on him some more.
I always said
he was nothing.
I can't wait to
see this bum fall.
What do you think of him
being trained by Apollo Creed?
Apollo who?
You talking about that
old fool, Apollo Creed?
Shucks, one has-been teaching
another. Yeah, just keep talking, pal.
That's all Apollo been
doing... Keep talking.
...running off at
the mouth lately.
And when I see him, I'm
gonna close it for him.
All right. When will
the match take place?
The sooner,
the better.
I'm the champion
of the world.
And nothing can
be done about that.
I can't be beat,
and I won't be beat.
This time I'm gonna
train even harder.
There won't be no
quick knockdowns.
I'm gonna torture him.
I'm gonna crucify
him real bad.
Hard words
from a hard man.
The odds against Balboa
making a comeback at 34
are very long indeed.
Can he do it?
Most experts doubt it.
Balboa was a fine champion, but his
time has passed. I wish him luck.
Don't listen
to it, Rocky.
No, do listen
to it, Rock.
When this is over, a lot of folks
are gonna owe you an engraved apology.
And you're gonna
owe me a big favor.
What favor?
When it's over.
Rocko, come on. We're gonna
be late at the airport.
Let's go. Think we forgot anything?
I think we have it all.
Maybe another sweater.
No, California's
not that cold.
It's great, great.
A scorcher.
Okay, listen, I want you
to be a good boy, okay?
Okay. And don't give
anybody a hard time.
Okay.
Give me a kiss. Yeah.
We'll call when we
land. Yeah, we'll call.
You'll be a good
boy? All right.
I'll bring you
back something.
I been told by
Some people and they all
Say to take you back
Take you back like before
I don't call that a reason
I just call it
believin' in myself
Believin' in myself
What the hell are
we doing here in LA?
Hey, man, this is
where I started.
Yeah, so?
So this is
where he's starting.
But this place
is disgusting.
Why don't we stay
at your place?
Look, I think you're missing the point.
Let's just go on and check in and
get over to the gym, all right?
Rock, in my opinion,
we don't need this place.
It's below you and
the sister's standard.
We're gonna give it a try,
Paulie. Come on, Adrian.
I don't even
have a gun.
You know,
fun is fun.
I like those kind of things, but
this I don't like. Look at this place.
Rats even have more pride
than to be caught dead here.
I mean, look
at the dump.
I just don't like it.
Think of Adrian's health.
I'm fine, Paulie.
Balboa.
What's he
doing out here?
This is where
I started.
That's your problem.
Rocko, let's leave before
they leave us for dead.
Yeah, you see that look
in their eyes, Rock?
When we fought, Rock,
I trained hard,
but I didn't have
that look in my eyes.
You had it.
You won.
You gotta get
that look back, Rock.
Eye of the tiger, man.
Eye of the tiger,
come on.
Come on, let's go.
Look at this place.
No class in here.
Is he always
so cheerful?
I don't sweat you.
Hey. Hey, Paulie. Don't
get mentally irregular.
It's a free country.
Just don't get irregular, all right?
I don't need no
philosophy lesson here.
Well, it just takes about
six years to get to know...
Well, I ain't
got six years.
Hey, come on,
Paulie. Just relax.
Come on. We're on business.
Hey! Hey, champ!
Hey, Duke, my man.
Hey, everything's set
up and ready to go, baby.
Good. I know you know who
this man is, don't you?
Yeah. It's gonna be
good working with you.
Certainly had enough
of working against you.
Hey, how you feel?
Pretty good, thanks.
He's doing great. We've
been living modern,
but now we're
gonna train old.
I'm going over here and talk
to some of the guys, all right.
Hey! The
champ is home!
We gotta leave.
I got a reputation.
What do you mean,
reputation?
You heard. I don't like these people.
You don't like them?
Maybe they don't like
you either, Paulie.
What'd I do to them?
And they call
me punchy.
Hey, Stallion, Stallion, come on
over here and meet some of the fellas.
I'll be right back.
How you doing, guys?
That's it, that's it.
Come on, on the toes.
On the toes,
on the toes.
On the toes, come on.
On the toes,
on the toes.
Come on, Rock.
He ain't too graceful.
That's why we're
here, Paulie.
Waste of time.
He's got heavy feet.
Get on the balls
of your feet.
Come on, relax, Rock.
Come on, get those feet out
of the concrete. Come on.
It'll take time,
but it'll come.
He can't train to
the jungle junk music.
Come on, relax, Rock. Here
we go. Here we go, come on.
On the balls of your feet. Balance.
Let your body
find the rhythm.
Gonna start a new
dance called the crawl.
I'm telling you, you can't
train him like a colored fighter.
He ain't got
no rhythm.
All right?
Come on.
How stupid
do I look?
You look great.
Everything we do works
off the jab. You can do it.
Yeah.
Can he swim?
With a name
like Rock?
No time to
waste! Let's go!
Another lap!
Move it!
He ain't no tuna. We
belong back in the gym.
Look, he's gotta stretch and use muscles
he never thought he had. Come on, Rock!
Come on, stretch now!
Come on, move it,
Rock! Move it!
Nobody can
change that much.
He's a bruiser.
He ain't no boxer.
You keep telling him
that and he'll be nothing.
You know?
Yeah?
Another lap! Come on now! Move it!
Move it! Come on!
Move it, Rock! Move it!
Come on, let's go.
Let's go!
That's it, stretch it!
Stretch it out!
That's it, let's go. You
gotta pull. Hard now, hard!
Shut up, you Sterno bums!
I'll squash you!
There's decent people trying to sleep!
Shut up, you honky
scum bastard mother!
Who needs
this sick place?
I don't.
No class.
Damn, that
Clubber's strong.
Fifteen rounds is
a long time.
We gotta put
him away early.
I figure with the
pace we gotta set,
Rock can last maybe
seven or eight rounds.
Then we'll be
out of steam, man.
We got to put
him away early.
At least
the water's hot.
Well, we never really had a honeymoon.
It's not so bad.
We've been in
worse places.
In the corner, Rocky's
in trouble in round two!
He takes a right!
Another right!
He's been cut!
Rocky's been cut!
Come on, Rock.
Come on, come on, now.
Come on. You gotta get
tougher. You gotta get tougher.
Think smooth.
Bounce. Bounce. Bounce.
Toes, toes, on
your toes, Rock.
On your toes! On your
toes! On your toes!
Push yourself, Rock!
Concentrate.
Let's move it, Rock!
Move it, now!
Come on, Rock,
come on!
Have fun with this.
Have fun with it.
That's it.
Easy, easy, easy.
Smooth. On the toes.
Don't push it, don't
push it. Let it come.
It'll come. This takes time, baby.
This takes time. Come
on, move your head.
Move your head. Move
your head up and down.
Come on, come on. Swift
now, up and down. In and out.
Inside. Inside.
Inside, baby.
Side to side.
Move your head.
Watch it now.
Remember, he's got
two hands, right?
Damn, man, what the hell are you doing?
This guy will knock you on your ass!
Come on, Rock,
it's not a game.
You want to lay up in a hospital
for five weeks this time?
You thought I was tough?
This chump will kill you.
All right.
Come on, come on. Get your
head on your shoulders, man.
Think about the fight!
Clubber Lang's in, he's trying to hurt
you, Rock. He's trying to hurt you.
Okay, here it comes.
Jab! He's jabbing!
He's jabbing! He's trying to hurt you.
You gotta fight.
You gotta move.
He's up
against the ropes!
He can't get
out of the corner.
He's hooked you! He's
hooked you! He's hooked you!
Damn, Rock, come on!
What's the matter
with you?
Tomorrow. Let's
do it tomorrow.
There is no tomorrow!
Look, there's just one thing
that you gotta remember.
We gotta get
some speed.
You gotta get some flexibility.
You gotta get some quickness.
You understand?
Quickness, endurance,
that's the end of it.
That's the only thing we gotta
concern ourselves with, Rock.
All right. Mickey never had me do this.
Yeah. Okay,
here we go.
Ready?
Set.
Yeah.
Go!
Come on, come on!
Dig, dig, dig!
Come on! Come on!
Come on!
You
can't win, Rock.
You ain't been hungry
since you won that belt.
He'll knock you
into tomorrow, Rock.
What's the matter?
It's over.
It's all over.
What's the matter
with you?
Can I
talk to you?
I wanna ask you
something important
and I want you
to tell me the truth.
What?
Why did you come here?
I just don't
want it no more.
If it's over because you
want it to be over, I'm glad.
I do.
It's just, you've never quit
anything since I've known you.
I don't know what
you want me to say.
I mean, how?
What happened?
How did everything that
was so good get so bad?
What's so bad?
Tell me, what?
I wrecked everything by
not thinking for myself.
I mean, why couldn't Mickey
tell me where I was really at,
right from the start?
He didn't have to
carry me and lie to me
and make me think I was better
than I really was when I wasn't.
He never lied.
Those fights weren't right.
They weren't, Adrian.
I never fought anybody
who was in their prime.
There was always some angle
to hold on to the title
longer than I should have had it.
I mean, do you understand
what I'm saying here?
I understand. But you've gotta
understand that he loved you,
and that was his job,
protecting you.
Well, that protecting
don't help nothing.
It only makes
things worse.
You wake up after a few years thinking
you're a winner, but you're not.
You're really a loser.
And so we wouldn't have had
the title as long. So what?
At least it would've been real, Adrian.
It was real.
Nothing is real if you
don't believe in who you are.
I don't believe in myself no
more. Don't you understand?
When a fighter don't
believe, that's it.
He's finished.
It's over. That's it.
That's not it!
That is it!
Why don't you
tell me the truth!
What are you putting
me through, Adrian?
You wanna know the truth?
The truth is, I don't
want to lose what I got.
In the beginning, I didn't
care about what happened to me.
I'd go in a ring, I'd get
busted up, I didn't care.
But now there's you,
there's the kid.
I don't wanna
lose what I got!
What do we have that
can't be replaced? What?
A house? We got cars. We got money.
We got everything
but the truth!
What's the truth,
damn it?
I'm afraid, all right?
You wanna hear
me say it?
You wanna break me down?
All right, I'm afraid!
For the first time in
my life, I'm afraid.
I'm afraid, too!
There's nothing wrong
with being afraid.
There is.
For me there is!
Why? You're human,
aren't you?
Look, I don't know what I
am. All I know is I'm a liar,
and because of that
Mickey ain't here no more.
You didn't push
him into anything!
He was a grown man and
he did what he had to do.
And you have no right to feel
guilty for what happened, you don't!
You were a champion. And you
did what you were expected to do.
You did what I and everybody
else thought you should do.
And you wanna tell me that those fights
weren't real? That you were carried?
Well, I don't
believe it!
But it doesn't matter what I believe.
Because you're the one that's gotta
carry that fear around inside you.
Afraid that everybody's
gonna take things away.
Afraid you're gonna be
remembered as a coward,
that you're not
a man anymore.
Well, none of it's true, but
it doesn't matter if I tell you.
It doesn't matter, because you're
the one that's gotta settle it.
Get rid of it!
Because when all
the smoke has cleared
and everyone's through
chanting your name,
it's just gonna be us!
And you can't
live like this.
We can't live like this.
Because it's gonna bother
you for the rest of your life.
Look what it's
doing to you now.
Apollo thinks you
can do it. So do I.
But you. You've gotta wanna
do it for the right reasons.
Not for the guilt
over Mickey,
not for the people,
not for the title,
not for money or me,
but for you.
Just you,
just you alone.
And if I lose?
Then you lose, but at least
you lose with no excuses.
No fear.
And I know you
could live with that.
How'd you get so tough?
I live with a fighter.
I really love you.
I love you.
No, no, no, Rock. No.
Just flick it, just
flick it. Just flick it.
Come on, one more time. Come on!
Good. Five more laps.
Watch it, watch it,
watch it, watch it.
There you go, come on.
Jab.
You got to
move it faster.
Faster! Faster!
Go on. Kick it.
Very nice!
Move your head.
Move it.
That's right, under!
Under and over.
Up and down.
Turn around.
That was nice.
Come on, pick them up now.
On your toes. On your toes.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Come on, now. Speed, speed, speed.
Faster, faster, faster.
Yeah! Good.
Ready. Ready.
Rocky the fish!
Yeah!
All right!
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm Stu Nahan along with Bill Baldwin
and we welcome you to
Madison Square Garden,
a most exciting backdrop for
the anxiously awaited rematch
Between the former
champion, Rocky Balboa
and the reigning heavyweight
champion, Clubber Lang.
We now switch to our remote
cameras inside the dressing rooms.
Would you care to comment on
how you plan to fight Balboa?
What's your strategy?
Don't need any.
Balboa's so predictable and stupid,
the man comes straight ahead.
He's tailor-made for me
and he's gonna get hurt.
Just make sure you...
That's good. ... turn them over. Good?
How does that
look? Okay? Huh?
No, I don't hate Balboa,
but I pity the fool,
and I will destroy any man
who tries to take what I got.
Remember where
you came from.
Remember what it
took to get you here.
And you remember what he
did to you last time, right?
Since both men
are brawlers, Stu,
with the edge in power
going to Clubber Lang,
I would say that
the odds are very long
against Balboa
regaining his title.
Now it's your turn.
It's your turn, huh?
What's your prediction
for the fight, then?
Prediction?
Yes, prediction.
Pain.
Lang is a brawler who likes
to hurt a man to the body.
And, you know, Balboa may never
have psychologically recovered
from that vicious knockout
that Clubber laid on him.
It's time.
Here.
What?
I want you to wear these.
Come on, Apollo,
these are
the colors that you wore
in our first fight together.
I can't wear your colors.
Just wear it.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Thanks, Apollo.
You just
make sure you wash them
before you bring
them back, all right?
Will do, will do.
Hey, thanks, Apollo.
And remember, after
this you owe me a favor.
What favor?
Bill, I have to agree.
Toe-to-toe, Lang is utterly
devastating and he's much too strong.
All right, listen. I just wanna
tell you that I'm proud of you.
It takes a hell of a man
to change, and you did it.
You're gonna prove
it to them tonight, right?
Right.
You did good, Apollo.
Thanks, Paulie.
Okay, let's do
it, Paulie.
And here comes Rocky,
and here comes Apollo,
the two former champions.
Look at that United States
Marine Corps Color Guard there
along with the Drum
and Bugle Corps.
Aren't they magnificent?
Tremendous. Take
a look at Rocky.
Look at the tenseness in his
face, the tautness of that body.
Boy does he look
serious right now!
Oh, that he
certainly does.
And you know, Stu,
the word is that
this is Rocky's last fight,
win, lose or draw.
And there he is,
the Italian Stallion,
Rocky Balboa, climbing into the ring.
Boy, he looks incredibly
thin, doesn't he?
I'd say he's gotta be
about 20 pounds lighter.
Rocky Balboa, the iron
man from Philadelphia!
And this crowd is certainly
with him tonight. Listen.
Balboa doesn't really
have any boxing skill.
I've never seen
a fighter, though,
with as much
raw determination.
Hold it, Stu.
And here comes the
champion now, Clubber Lang.
Listen to this crowd.
Take a look
at those eyes.
I've never seen a guy with
such sullen eyes. He is tough.
Clubber, go back
where you came from!
He even belted a spectator on
the way in. Did you see that?
Look at that man.
Boy, awesome.
Awesome! Man, he's tough. Look at that.
Clubber Lang, the heavyweight
champion of the world.
Keep it loose,
keep it loose.
Hey, fool, you ready
for another beating?
You should've
never came back.
Don't look at him.
Let's just be cool.
Hey, boy.
After I crucify him,
you're next.
Just stay out of
my face, chump.
Don't turn your
back on me, sucker!
We got a brawl
before the bell!
Apollo and Clubber
go at it.
This ring is
ready to explode.
The fight about
to officially begin
but these guys
wanna start now.
Come on! Let me go! Let me go!
That's right,
I'm gonna get you!
Let him go!
Come on!
Let him go! I want him! I want him!
I thought you said be
cool. That was cool.
I'm the champ!
I'll beat you
like I did last time!
You won't have to look
to find me. I'm here.
Ladies, gentlemen and
boxing fans around the world,
welcome to Madison
Square Garden
and tonight's heavyweight
championship of the world.
Oh, this crowd
is ready tonight.
Out of the red corner, the
challenger, weighing 191 pounds
from the fighting
city of Philadelphia,
the former heavyweight
champion of the world,
the Italian Stallion,
Rocky Balboa!
I'll tell you something.
He has so slimmed down.
He looks like a middleweight.
Out of the blue corner,
weighing 237 pounds,
the hard-punching
battler from Chicago,
the reigning heavyweight
champion of the world,
Clubber Lang!
Referee Lou Filippo.
Okay, boys,
let's go.
We went over
the rules yesterday.
I'm just going to
repeat a few of them.
Let's watch the low blows
and the rabbit punches.
In case of a knockdown, you
go to the corner I tell you to
and you stay there until
I tell you to come out.
Is that understood?
Any questions?
Okay. Let's go back to
your corner now. Let's go.
I'm gonna bust you up.
Go for it.
Well, here we go.
The war is on.
We're just waiting
for the bell.
Take my belt off. I'm
gonna get that chump.
Don't let this bum let
you fight his fight.
You're the best!
Here you
go, champ.
Rhythm and power,
rhythm and power.
Keep that jab up.
Thanks.
Rocky! Rocky!
Are we ready
for round one now?
Should be
a great fight.
And here we go.
And he goes right out of his
corner after Clubber Lang!
He's throwing rights and
lefts into Clubber's face.
What a start
of a fight here!
Another jab.
And another! This is not
the Rocky we expected!
He looks fantastic.
He's fighting more
like Apollo Creed.
Another right!
A right! Look at that,
right and left to the head!
Clubber Lang doesn't know
what's happening right now.
He's being stung
by this style.
Look at the shots
he's taking.
I can't believe
I'm saying this,
but he can't corner the
fleet-footed challenger.
It's absolutely
unbelievable!
Come on, is that
the hardest you can hit?
Bring it to me!
Come on! Hit me!
That right hand is
just like a trip hammer.
Rock, tie him up!
Bring it to me. Come on.
Break it up.
Get back. Get back.
Come on. Get back.
Tough first round.
It is Rocky with a couple of rights
and lefts, right to the head of Lang.
Get off! Get off!
Now it's Lang
coming back!
This crowd is
going absolutely wild!
There's a good left-right
combination by Rocky.
And a good left hand.
Go!
This is Rocky
Balboa's night.
Getting him
back to his corner.
We've got pandemonium in the
ring at the end of round one.
They're holding
Lang back.
Lang wants more.
He can't realize
that the round is over.
He's trying to
get back to Rocky.
All right, all right,
you look great.
Just don't get crazy
and we're home.
I'll kill you, man!
The man's strong.
Tell me when's the next round. I'm
gonna kill him! I'm gonna kill him!
I'm gonna kill him!
Now, he's gonna come hard, right? Yeah.
You keep crowding him. Don't
give him a chance to set.
Counter and move. Counter
and move. Counter and move.
And he had
Lang at his mercy.
I don't think Lang knew what hit
him there in this whole first round.
Here we go now.
The bell for round two.
Now it's Lang coming out for
Rocky at the starting of round two.
Here he comes back, but Rocky is
still landing those rights and lefts.
Right now in the center of
the ring, a right to the head.
Another right to the head.
He's really setting him up.
A right!
Right! Right!
Five unanswered shots!
Kill him! Kill him!
Get out of there!
Get
back there!
All right! All right!
Get him off of him!
Let's go now!
Come on, break it up!
Break it up!
What are you doing?
Come on!
Come on, Balboa!
Come on. I'm gonna
give it to you!
Get those feet moving! Get
your hands up! Come on, Rock!
That right
hand hurt Rocky again.
What a fight!
He's got him cornered. Balboa's
a little in trouble now.
Hold him, damn it!
Hold him!
Come on, Rocky,
come on!
This is Clubber's round so far.
Lang's taken
momentum here.
He's railing away
at Balboa.
And Balboa is down!
You think you're bad?
Get up. Get up, damn it!
Come on! Come on!
Five.
Can he get up?
He's in trouble,
but he's up.
Six. Seven.
Here comes Clubber again.
Lang with the left hand.
Lang with another
left and now a right.
A right! Another right!
And down goes
Balboa again.
Stop the fight.
You better
stay down.
I got some moves
if you get up.
I got a lot of moves. I
got a lot of moves. Come on.
Here we go again.
Clubber coming into him.
Come on,
come on, fool.
You ain't so bad.
Come on.
You ain't nothing.
You must be
crazy or something!
I'm crazy? Yeah, I may be...
You're just a stupid fool!
...but I ain't
breathing heavy.
He's a fool.
He's stupid.
How could he come back
from a beating like that?
What the hell are you doing?
Look, it's strategy, that's
all. I know what I'm doing.
No, you don't know
what you're doing!
He's gotta come to you.
You're the champ.
He's nothing.
He's mine.
You stand toe-to-toe with
this bum and he'll kill you!
It doesn't take a man to stand
there and get their head beat off!
Don't... He's getting
tired. He's getting tired.
Don't go wasting your
punches. You're the champ.
Don't try to take him
out with one punch!
Use your head.
Now, you wear him
down. He's all ours.
I know what I'm doing, I
swear. I know what I'm doing.
Don't tell me
what you think!
Go out there
and do it, Rock.
Eye of the tiger.
You understand?
Yeah.
Go out there and
knock his head off.
He's just a man, Rock.
He's just a man.
Be more man than him!
Go get him.
Eye of the tiger!
Up and down.
Side to side.
All right, this is the
beginning of round three.
Tough rounds to
call right now.
This is a little
slower in the start.
It's my round.
I'm gonna take
you this time.
I'm gonna take you.
You're mine. You're mine.
Come on. Come on. I'm gonna
get you. I'm gonna get you.
And Rocky throws him three rights
to the head and a left. He is back.
He's your heavyweight.
Rock, get out
of there! Get out!
A sharp left-hand
right to the head.
Get out of there!
Come on.
Stick him! Stick him!
Come on! Come on!
Come on!
Again, again!
He's getting killed.
Oh, no, no, no.
He's not getting killed,
he's getting mad!
Come on, whole world's
watching. Knock me out.
Come on, knock me out.
Come on, harder. Hit me
hard. Hit me harder. Come on!
No!
Get out of there!
Rocky!
Come on, Rock.
Hands up, Rock.
Yeah.
My mother hits harder
than that. Come on.
A little harder. A little harder, champ.
In the face. Come on.
Again, come on, champ.
Again, come on, champ. You ain't so bad!
You ain't nothing!
Rocky! Rocky!
I might believe
the strategy now.
He's making Clubber Lang miss
now. You see how he drew him in?
Now Rocky's
throwing the punches!
Look at that! He's lifting
him right off the canvas
with those powerful
punches to the ribs.
He's coming. He's completely
psyched-out this guy.
Lang has got to be
confused by all of this.
Look at the condition Balboa is in
right now. Look at the condition.
Somehow he's roared back.
And Lang doesn't know
how to defend himself.
Harder punches!
Now!
What a comeback by Balboa!
Come on. Come on.
Come on. Come on!
Yeah!
The place
has gone bananas!
It's a tremendous comeback!
Get up!
Five. Six. Seven.
Seven.
Eight. Nine.
Nine.
Ten. You're out!
The new heavyweight
champion again!
He's down on the floor in ecstasy!
Bowing, praying there,
beating the floor!
And there he is, the new
heavyweight champion of the world,
Rocky Balboa!
Rocky is exhausted!
We did it!
Ladies and gentlemen,
the winner by knockout...
Are you all right?
Never better.
Once again the heavyweight
champion of the world,
the Italian Stallion,
Rocky Balboa!
Come on, come on!
We made a deal.
I know, but this is extremely crazy.
Yeah, it's mentally
irregular, right?
Yeah.
But it makes all
the sense in the world.
You owe me a favor.
I know, but when did
you think of this?
About three years ago.
This is very crazy, Apollo.
Look, Stallion.
Now look, when you won that last
fight, you won by one second.
You beat me by one
second. One second.
That's very hard for a man
of my intelligence to handle.
Is it? But didn't you say after I beat
you, you learned how to live with it?
I lied.
Oh, you lied.
So now you just gotta
prove it to yourself?
Just for myself.
No TV, no newspapers, just you and me.
Nothing.
Just you and me.
Age before beauty.
Anything you say,
Stallion.
I'll do all the work,
okay.
I'll tell you, Apollo,
you better go slow
because you ain't as young
as springtime anymore.
I'm still young enough
to whip your butt, Stallion.
Oh, yeah? Well, how you gonna do that?
You taught me
everything you know.
Almost everything.
You gotta remember now, you fight great,
but I'm a great fighter.
You ready?
Absolutely.
All right.
You know, Stallion, it's too
bad we gotta get old, huh?
Just keep punching, Apollo.
Wanna ring the bell?
All right.
Ding, ding.
Come on, Stallion.
Come on. Come on.
Boy, you really move
good for an older guy.
You're looking good,
Stallion.
I taught you well.
I think you
taught me too good.
Looking fly.
Look out now.
No, no.
You don't want any of this.
Come on. Come on.
Maybe I'm in here
with the wrong guy.
Come on, watch yourself. Ready?
It's the eye of the tiger
It's the thrill of the fight
Risin' up to the challenge
of our rival
And the last known survivor
stalks his prey in the night
And he's watchin' us all
with the eye of the tiger
Risin' up back on the street
Did my time, took my chances
Went the distance,
now I'm back on my feet
Just a man and
his will to survive
So many times,
it happens too fast
You trade your
passion for glory
Don't lose your grip
on the dreams of the past
You must fight
just to keep them alive
It's the eye of the tiger
It's the thrill of the fight
Risin' up to the challenge
of our rival
And the last known survivor
stalks his prey in the night
And he's watchin' us all
with the eye of the tiger
Face to face, out in the heat
Hangin' tough, stayin' hungry
They stack the odds
till we take to the street
For we kill with
the skill to survive
It's the eye of the tiger
It's the thrill of the fight
Risin' up to the challenge
of our rival
And the last known survivor
stalks his prey in the night
And he's watchin' us all
with the eye of the tiger
Risin' up, straight to the top
Have the guts, got the glory
Went the distance,
now I'm not gonna stop
Just a man and
his will to survive
It's the eye of the tiger
It's the thrill of the fight
Risin' up to the challenge
of our rival
And the last known survivor
stalks his prey in the night
And he's watchin' us all
with the eye
Of the tiger
The eye of the tiger
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org